(crowd cheering)
(heavy metal music)
♪ Propaganda death
ensemble, burial to be ♪
♪ Corpses rotting through the
night in blood-laced misery ♪
♪ Scorched earth the policy,
the reason for the siege ♪
♪ The pendulum, it shaves the
blade, strafing air blood raid ♪
♪ Infiltration, push reserves,
encircle the front lines ♪
♪ Supreme art of strategy
playing on the minds ♪
♪ Bombard till submission,
take all to their graves ♪
♪ Indication of triumph,
the numbers that are dead ♪
♪ Sport the war ♪
♪ War support ♪
♪ The sport is war, total war ♪
♪ When victory's really massacre ♪
♪ The final swing is not a drill ♪
♪ It's how many people I can kill ♪
♪ Sport the war ♪
♪ War support ♪
♪ The sport is war, total war ♪
♪ When victory's really survival ♪
♪ The final swing is not a drill ♪
♪ It's how many people I can kill ♪
♪ The dead fiend from
above when darkness falls ♪
♪ Descend unto my sights
your fallen walls ♪
♪ Spearhead break through the
lines, flanked all around ♪
♪ Soldiers of attrition
forward their ground ♪
♪ Regime prophetic age, old in its time ♪
♪ Flowing veins run on
through, deep in the Rhine ♪
♪ Center of the web, all battles scored ♪
♪ What is our war cry, era forever more ♪
♪ War ♪
♪ Propaganda war ensemble, burial to be ♪
♪ Bones shining by the night
in blood-laced misery ♪
♪ Campaign of elimination,
twisted psychology ♪
♪ When victory is to survive
and death is defeat ♪
♪ Sport the war ♪
♪ War support ♪
♪ The sport is war, total war ♪
♪ When the end is a slaughter ♪
♪ The final swing is not a drill ♪
♪ It's how many people I can kill ♪